JMSC-91 SE-20385: Release JMS Connector v1.8.0 (#1656)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: jms/1.8/modules/ROOT/pages/jms-activemq-configuration.adoc

In the following example, you configure an *ActiveMQ Connection*:

. In Studio, navigate to the *Global Elements* tab.
. Click *Create*.
. In the filter box type `jms` and select *JMS Config*.
. Click *OK*.
. In the *Connection* field select *ActiveMQ Connection*.
. In the *Factory configuration* field, select *Edit Inline*.
. Set the *Broker url* field value to the address of the broker to connect to, for example, `tcp://localhost:61616`.
. Click *OK*.

image::jms-activemq-configuration.png[ActiveMQ Connection Configuration window in Studio with Broker URL field set to tcp://localhost:61616]

In the XML editor, the `<jms:active-mq-connection>` and `<jms:factory-configuration>` configuration looks like this:

[source,xml,linenums]
----
 <jms:config name="JMS_Config">
  <jms:active-mq-connection >
   <jms:factory-configuration brokerUrl="tcp://localhost:61616" />
  </jms:active-mq-connection>
 </jms:config>
----

== Configure an ActiveMQ - No Connectivity Test Connection

> There may be certain scenarios in which more than one node cannot use the credentials of a broker connection simultaneously. In these cases, Mule applications use the *Primary node only* field set to `True` to ensure listener execution on only one of the nodes. However, the connection test that is performed prior to deployment can result in a deployment error on the primary node if another node already used the credentials. For this particular case, use the *ActiveMQ Connection - No Connectivity Test*, that is identical to the *ActiveMQ Connection*, except that it does not perform a connectivity test prior to deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There may be certain scenarios in which more than one node cannot use the credentials of a broker connection simultaneously. In these cases, Mule applications use the *Primary node only* field set to `true` to ensure listener execution on only one of the nodes. However, the connection test that is performed prior to deployment can result in a deployment error on the primary node if another node already used the credentials. For this particular case, use *ActiveMQ Connection - No Connectivity Test*, which is identical to the *ActiveMQ Connection*, except that it does not perform a connectivity test prior to deployment.
```

> In the following example, you configure an *ActiveMQ Connection - No Connectivity Test*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following steps show how to configure *ActiveMQ Connection - No Connectivity Test*:
```

. In Studio, navigate to the *Global Elements* tab.
. Click *Create*.

> . In the filter box type `jms` and select *JMS Config*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the filter box, type `jms` and select *JMS Config*.
```

. Click *OK*.

> . In the *Connection* field select *ActiveMQ Connection - No Connectivity Test*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Connection* field, select *ActiveMQ Connection - No Connectivity Test*.
```
